### Page 11

- 수량자(`Quantifiers`)를 통해 문자의 반복에 대해 처리(occur) 할 수 있다.
  `*`은 0이상, `+`는 1이상, `?`는 0 또는 1 

>Quantifiers specify how many times a character can occur. Star `*` matches zero or more times, plus `+` once or more times and question mark `?` zero or once.
>
>- ##### Source
>
>  `aabc abc bc `
>
>- ##### Regex : `a*b` -> *a는 0개 이상 + b* 
>
>   - First match : **aab**c abc bc
>   - All match    : **aab**c **ab**c **b**c
>
>- ##### Regex : `a+b` -> *a 는 1개 이상 + b*
>
>  - First match :  **aab**c abc bc
>  - All match    :  **aab**c **ab**c bc
>
>- ##### Regex : `a?b` -> *a 는 0 또는 1개 + b*
>
>  - First match :  a**ab**c abc bc
>  - All match    :  a**ab**c **ab**c **b**c

### Page 15

- `{}`를 통해 문자의 반복에 대해 정확하게 특정지어 처리할 수 있다.
  `{m}`은 정확하게 m만큼 반복되는 경우를,
  `{m,n}`은 m~n번 만큼 반복되는 경우를,
  `{m,}`은 m번 이상 반복되는 경우에 대응한다.

>Curly brackets enable precise specification of character repetitions. `{m}` matches precisely m times, `{m,n}` matches minimaly m times and maximaly n times and `{m,}` matches minimaly m times.
>
>- ##### Source
>
>  `One ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them `
>
>- ##### Regex : `.{5}` -> *. 5번 반복*
>
>   - First match : **One r**ing to bring them all and in the darkness bind them
>   - All match    : **One ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind the**m -> length % 5 만큼 남음
>
>- ##### Regex : `[els]{1,3}` -> *[els] 1~3번 반복*
>
>  - First match :  On**e** ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them
>  - All match    :  On**e** ring to bring th**e**m a**ll** and in th**e**darkn**ess** bind th**e**m
>
>- ##### Regex : `[a-z]{3,}` -> *[a-z] 최소 3번 이상 반복*
>
>  - First match :  One **ring** to bring them all and in the darkness bind them
>  - All match    :  One **ring** to **bring** **them** **all** **and** in **the****darkness** **bind** **them**

### Page 17

- subpattern + `?`는 해당 범위의 최소 반복횟수를 의미한다

>By default any subpattern matches as many times as possible. This behaviour is changed to matching the minimum number if quantifier is followed with the question mark. Compare `*` with `*?`, `+` with `+?` and `?`  with `??`.
>
>- ##### Source
>
>  `One ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them `
>
>- ##### Regex : `r.*?` -> *r + .(0개)*
>
>   - First match : One **r**ing to bring them all and in the darkness bind them
>   - All match    : One **r**ing to b**r**ing them all and in the da**r**kness bind them
>
>- ##### Regex : `r.+?` -> *r + .(1개)*
>
>  - First match :  One **ri**ng to bring them all and in the darkness bind them
>  - All match    :  One **ri**ng to b**ri**ng them all and in the da**rk**ness bind them
>
>- ##### Regex : `r.??` -> *r + .(0개)* 
>
>  - First match : One **r**ing to bring them all and in the darkness bind them
>   - All match    : One **r**ing to b**r**ing them all and in the da**r**kness bind them